1) In your own words, what is a computer really doing whenever you type a letter on a keyboard? (150 words max).
 
	1. The computer is receiving an electronic signal based on the letter pressed on the keyboard and returns a letter or executes a specific function if is a shortcut or special key.

2) In your own words, how do computers use input and output to create experiences? (250 words max). 

	2. Computer takes information using input from its user(s) through various devices like keyboards, mice, microphones, webcams and returns the outcome of that interaction based if the data is what is expected and the desired functionality. Examples of output are a visual feedback like an UI change on the monitor, a sound alert from the speakers or a physical log sheet from a printer.

3) Explain why software products are essentially “infinitely reproducible nothings.” (150 words max).

	3. software is called “infinitely reproducible nothings.” In this article because software is not a physical good that needs to be refined or manufactured, software is a set of computer instructions that can be copied at pleasure and the end of the day the buyer paid for "nothings".

4) Explain in your own words how code becomes software. (150 words max).
	4. Code needs to follow all the rules of the language is written on (syntax, file types, folder structure, etc..) and convert the code into an executable for the desired operating system using another piece of software called a compiler.

5) Explain “algorithms” in your own words. (150 words max). 

	5. An algorithm set of rules to be followed in calculations and other types of problem solving operations, in this case computers. Companies like google use them in their products. Google uses many algorithms to enhance its search engine.

6) Explain the DRY principle. (100 words max).

	6. Don't Repeat Yourself or DRY is the principle of just writing code once, name things once or avoid repeating any unnecessary tasks as much as possible, but as mentioned in the article, programers tend to do the opposite all the time.

7) In your own words, what is object-oriented programming? (100 words max).
	
	7. Is a model that some programming language follow that aims to organize software design around data, or objects, rather than functions and logic.

8) In your own words explain data and how it relates to code. (100 Words max).
	
	8. Data is information that is generated by user interactions with software or as a byproduct of the software itself and lives in databases. Code is supposed to manage data but the more data the more code it requires creating a paradox with no end in sight. 

9) What is a framework? (150 words max).
 
	9. A framework is a collection of tools and libraries built on top of a programming language to assist in the making of certain type of programs like such as a web server or a mobile application.

10) What is debugging? (150 words max).

	10. Debugging is the process of finding and solving errors (bugs) in the codebase that can cause software to behave unexpectedly or crash.
 
11) Now, with more of an understanding of what code is, why do you want to learn how to code? (500 words max).

	11. I want to learn data science because I want to be able to take large datasets and be able to clean, filter and extract all meaningful data and help other professional make more accurate and informed desicions.
	 